What you'll do

    Hands-on experience working with threat detection and prevention product engineering teams, recognizing vulnerabilities and configuring mitigations or managing risks in existing and new products.
    Apply a deep understanding of security vulnerabilities in web application and application security. 
    Reverse and research n-day exploits, proactively detect patterns of bot and fraud attacks, review false positive and false negative reports, and recommend security configurations.
    Excellent at communicating the details about security forensics to technical and non-technical audiences. Including writing public facing research blogs.
    Authoring periodic report on trends on Internet traffic and security attack insights
    Experience with modern cloud-based technologies used to deliver rapidly-changing products at scale.
    Conduct penetration testing to identify security gaps and potential exploits across applications and services.
    Develop, maintain, and enhance security dashboards to monitor and analyze attack trends, bot activity, and fraud detection metrics.
    Leverage strong coding skills to build and automate security tools, improve system engineering workflows, and develop new security rules and heuristics.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

    A degree in computer science, IT, systems engineering, or related qualification.
    4 years of work experience with incident detection, incident response, forensics, reverse engineering, security research or similar.
    Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment.
    Strong attention to detail with an analytical mind and outstanding problem-solving skills. Excellent organizational skills.
    Great awareness of cybersecurity trends and hacking techniques.
    Demonstrated results in identifying, tracking and resolving issues to resolution in the areas of cybersecurity.
    Strong written and verbal communication skills.
    Experience in OWASP, security standards and best practice
    Strong SQL experience.
    Proficiency in penetration testing methodologies, tools, and vulnerability assessment techniques.
    Experience in building security dashboards using tools like Grafana or similar visualization platforms.
    Strong programming experience with expertise in Python, Go, Rust, or JavaScript to develop security tools and automation.
    Prior experience or interest in Web Security, HTTP protocols, Python, Jupyter Notebook, and JavaScript is a huge plus!
    Knowledge and experience with machine learning, statistical inference, and AI in general is a huge plus

Bonus Points

    Knowledge and experience with columnar database like Clickhouse
    Familiarity writing and optimizing advanced SQL queries
    Good Linux/UNIX systems knowledge
    Presented in security conferences such as Blackhat, Defcon, Bsides etc.
