Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 6+ years of Software Engineering or related work experience.
OR
Master's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 5+ years of Software Engineering or related work experience.
OR
PhD in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field and 4+ years of Software Engineering or related work experience.

• 3+ years of work experience with Programming Language such as C, C++, Java, Python, etc.

This position shall:

    Drive product definition and requirements for the software product.
    Oversee software development planning and execution and drive the product delivery in alignment with leading edge Automotive OEMs
    Coordinate end-to-end architecture and design, including considerations for functional-safety and cybersecurity
    Champion continuous process improvements across various stages in the development lifecycle, including participation in process and project audits, driving process maturity metrics.
    Participate to software development throughout entire lifecycle across multiple technologies

Ideal candidate shall possess the following qualifications:

    10+ years of progressive Systems Software Engineering and related work experience.
    Proven experience in developing software for real time embedded systems in automotive electronics with good understanding of SoC architectures.
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as organizational abilities.
    Demonstrated ability to translate and navigate business and customer goals into actionable engineering and technology solutions.
    Proven hands-on and self-driven ability to boot-strap, define, and deliver into successful products.
    Strong understanding of software engineering tools and workflows.
    Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams and enable teams to solve sophisticated challenges across SoC, Hardware and Software.
    Experience in communicating and coordinating with clients and customers on technical issues

Required Skills

    8+ years of focused extensive embedded software engineering (C/C++) background including must-have experience in Camera technology
    Proven development experience on big scale drivers in RTOS and Linux ecosystems
    In-depth understanding of Camera/ISP/Image sensors, SoC architecture and RTOS.
    Strong understanding of Camera ISP features and functionalities 

Preferred skills

    Camera tuning experiences and working knowledge
    Working knowledge of popular automotive SERDES
    Programming experience with popular sensor modules
    Experience delivering large scale SW for Automotive ADAS/Compute or Infotainment programs.